Add explanation about manager 2.2 port issue (#1132)
scylladb/scylla-monitoring: docs/source/monitor_troubleshoot.rst

   :depth: 1
   :local:

Scylla-Manager 2.2 with Duplicate information
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> There is a change in Scylla-Manager 2.2 ports, to smooth the upgrade between earlier versions of Scylla-Manager and
> Scylla-Manager 2.2 and higher Prometheus is configured to listen to both ports. This way, after upgrading Scylla Manager
> and start using its new port the dashboards would continue to work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scylla Manager 2.2 change the default metrics (Prometheus) reporting ports:

* For Manager server: from 56090 to 5090 
* For Manager Agent: from 56090 to 5090 

For backward compatibility, Scylla Monitoring 3.5 default configuration reads from **both** Manager ports, old and new, so you do not have to update the Prometheus configuration when upgrading to Manager 2.2

  
```

Reviewer 2: Scylla Manager 2.2 changed the default metrics (Prometheus) reporting ports:

Reviewer 2: In line 24, please add a closing period (full stop).

> If you configure ``scylla_manager_server.yml`` file with the new port, Scylla-Manager dashboard will report all metrics twice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, if you configure ``scylla_manager_server.yml`` file with the new port, Scylla-Manager dashboard will report all metrics twice.
```
